acercar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
achacar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
aconsejar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
adjudicar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
administrar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
afear: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
afirmar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
agradecer: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
arrebatar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
asegurar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
asesorar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
aseverar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
asignar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
atribuir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
autorizar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
brindar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
ceder: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
comentar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
comunicar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
conceder: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
conferir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
confesar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
confiar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
confiscar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
consultar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
dar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
dar_a_conocer: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
dar_parte: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
dar_pie: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
dar_respuesta: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
deber: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
declarar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
dedicar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
defraudar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
dejar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
demandar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
denegar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
desaconsejar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
devolver: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
dirigir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
dispensar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
echar_en_cara: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
embargar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
encargar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
encomendar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
endosar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
enseñar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
entregar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
enviar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
espetar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
exigir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
explicar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
exponer: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
expresar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
facilitar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
fiar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
forzar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
gritar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
guiñar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
hacer: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
hincar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
imponer: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
incautar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
inculcar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
indicar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
infligir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
inquirir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
insinuar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
mandar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
manifestar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
mentir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
meter: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
montar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
mostrar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
narrar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
notificar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
obsequiar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
ocultar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
ofrecer: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
ordenar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
otorgar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
pagar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
parar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
pasar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
pedir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
perdonar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
permitir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
pisar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
pitar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
plantar_cara: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
poner: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
predestinar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
preguntar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
prender: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
prender: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#impersonal## 
presentar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
prestar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
prohibir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
prohibir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#impersonal## 
propinar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
proponer: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
proporcionar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
quitar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
recalcar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
recetar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
reclamar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
recomendar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
recriminar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
regalar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
relatar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
remitir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
rendir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
replicar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
reprochar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
responder: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
restar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
retribuir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
robar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
rogar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
saber: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
sacar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
servir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
solicitar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
someter: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
sugerir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
suministrar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
suplicar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
sustraer: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
susurrar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
tomar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
traer: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
transmitir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
trasladar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
trasmitir: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
vedar: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
vender: A32.ditransitive-patient-benefactive#default##agt 
